This tool allows to version control your MySQL database in PHP projects.

It creates dump files and constantly synchronizes them with the database. This is
done in an efficient way, so it doesn't slow down the main application too much.

Currently, this tool is in a very early and experimental state, but already
usable and seems to work quite well (at least for my purposes). But there is still
a lot of potential for improvements.

To disarm any potential flamers: I know that the database should not be included
in the source tree because of some philosophic reasons. But in real life, this is
sometimes unavoidable. Think of an application which registers its modules in
the database. In this case you lose the ability of your VCS to roll back to an
earlier revision, because the database tells the application to load non-existent
modules. And this isn't the only scenario. Just look at real-life projects.

Besides, memory is cheap :)


HOW TO USE:

The tool can be used in two ways: either manually or automatically (or both). It
can be included in the main project and work completely transparently or run
manually from its web interface, whereas the second method allows more control
over the behavior.

Simply include start.php at the beginning of your application (i.e. the dispatcher
in case of an MVC framework) and end.php at the end.

The web interface, which also contains the configuration, can be accessed by
through the index.php.


NOTICE:

- Merging and conflict resolution is currently only possible on a per-row basis.
- The tool is meant to be included in another project. It will try to create
  a folder in its parent directory to store the dump files. This folder can then
  be included in the main project.


CAUTION:

- Don't use svnchronize without other backup strategies. It might eat your data.
- The algorithms will only be efficient for tables with less than ~10k rows.


Please also note:

- This tool has its origin in subversion (thus the name) and i just recently adapted
  it to git. I hope this hasn't introduced any strange problems :)
- Source documentation can be built using doxygen. It is written in German, I'll
  try to translate it when I find some spare time.
